The Navy's marine mammal program has been in existence since, ah, the
early seventies, where they were using dolphins and sea lions to conduct
different operations. For example, the dolphin's back in Vietnam
were actually brought there, and we're doing anti swimmer, anti diver
defense in Cam Ranh Bay. Um, and then the sea lions came online
when they discovered that it was a lot more faster and effective to
use. These see lines that can dive down to several 100 feet of depth
to recover training minds, as opposed to sending down a diver who could
take, you know, hours to get down to a depth of that hook up and
then come back to the surface. So the Navy's been using marine mammals
since then to basically conduct, you know, mine countermeasures
as well as, AH, anti swimmer and diver defense, and they still continue
to have them. Even though we are moving forward with advanced technology,
the marine mammal systems are still an option for the Navy
to use